Unlimited number of nominators eligible for Rewards payout (#13059)
paritytech/substrate: frame/staking/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is loosely based
on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/). We maintain a
single integer version number for staking pallet to keep track of all storage
migrations.

## [14]

> ### Added

Reviewer: Nice, much better.

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

The semantic versioning guarantees cover the interface to the substrate runtime which
includes this pallet as a dependency. This module will also add storage migrations whenever
changes require it. Stability with regard to offchain tooling is explicitly excluded from
this guarantee: For example adding a new field to an in-storage data structure will require
changes to frontends to properly display it. However, those changes will still be regarded
as a minor version bump.

## [5.0.0] - UNRELEASED

### Added

- Unlimited number of nominators can be rewarded.
- New storage item `ExposurePageSize` to limit the number of nominators rewarded for a single call for reward payout.
- New storage item `MaxExposurePageCount` to limit the maximum number of exposure pages that can be created. If this

> - value is not set, it defaults to 1, resulting in the same behaviour as we have today with clipped exposures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If `MaxExposurePageCount` is not set, it defaults to 1, resulting in the same behaviour as we have today with clipped exposures.
```

> - New storage item `ErasStakersPaged` that keeps upto `ExposurePageSize` individual nominator exposures by era, validator and page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New storage item `ErasStakersPaged` that keeps up to `ExposurePageSize` individual nominator exposures by era, validator and page.
```

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres
to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

The semantic versioning guarantees cover the interface to the substrate runtime
which
includes this pallet as a dependency. This module will also add storage
migrations whenever
changes require it. Stability with regard to offchain tooling is explicitly
excluded from
this guarantee: For example adding a new field to an in-storage data structure
will require
changes to frontends to properly display it. However, those changes will still
be regarded
as a minor version bump.

[//]: # TODO(ank4n) these versions should be same as storage version

> ## [5.0.0] - UNRELEASED

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should not add RELEASED/UNRELEASED tags to make it easier to maintain the chagelogs. Also, in the context of FRAME, some people may think "released" is if the version is part of a runtime upgrade in the relay chain, so it may be confusing. All things considered, I think we could just have the version here.

Author: I am now using Changelog only for storage migrations. And also removed the `UNRELEASED` tag.
